And she dominates, as if to clear
away any doubt about her condition!
Damn it!
There were concerns about Mejiro
McQueen's preparation before the race,
but she had a flawless run,
setting a record time of 2:03.03!
McQueen just ran a
picture-perfect return race.
I wish I could start running again soon.
It really was a perfect run, without the
slightest sign of trouble, wasn't it?
I'd certainly agree. It'll be hard not to
get excited for a possible unprecedented
third win at the Spring Tennoushou.
Why Rice Shower, though?
She just had to ruin it.
I wanted to see Bourbon win the Triple Crown.
What a disappointment.
The champion has returned!
And her approach to the Spring
Tennoushou is all clear!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Wow, you're on the cover of
about every paper, McQueen.
This is awesome, McQueen!
You've got all eyes on you.
Episode 7
A Blessed Name
I'm glad, but I must admit, it's a bit
embarrassing to receive so much attention.
"Rice Shower's management
declares her imminent victory.
'On a clear day, she will win.'"
True enough. I think the only competition
you have in long-distance racing right now
is Rice Shower.
It says that her time during
the last three furlongs
of the Kikkashou was better than yours.
There's more to racing than segment times.
But fair enough. I'd be glad to take her on.
I didn't let Teio have the Spring plaque.
And it will be mine again.
Let's introduce the star horse girls
going into the Spring Tennoushou.
It's fair to say that the
spotlight is shining on
A CLOSE LOOK AT THE HORSE GIRLS RUNNING IN THE SPRING TENNOUSHOU!
Mejiro McQueen, who is hoping to win
the race for a third consecutive time.
A CLOSE LOOK AT THE HORSE GIRLS RUNNING IN THE SPRING TENNOUSHOU!
People are calling her the best active racer,
and they're not exaggerating.
Next is Rice Shower, who foiled
Mihono Bourbon's attempt at the Triple Crown.
Will she put an end to another
attempt to make history?
A CLOSE LOOK AT THE HORSE GIRLS RUNNING IN THE SPRING TENNOUSHOU!
Rice Shower's running too, huh?
This is McQueen's shot at
a third consecutive win.
Here's hoping she doesn't ruin it.
Tell me about it.
Rice Shower took first place
at the Nikkei Sho as well.
A CLOSE LOOK AT THE HORSE GIRLS RUNNING IN THE SPRING TENNOUSHOU!
She's bound to be in good shape
heading towards the Spring Tennoushou.
Hey, hey, hey!
Is it me, or is Rice looking
real strong lately?!
She's been working hard.
Friendship • Effort • Victory
I think she's got her sights
set on taking McQueen down.
Next is Machikane Tannhäuser!
The Star Horse Girls of the Moment
V
I
C
T
O
R
Y
I
N
T
H
E
G
II
!!
M
A
C
H
I
K
A
N
E
T
A
N
H
Ä
U
S
E
R
In her last race in the G2,
she managed to beat Rice Shower.
Expectations for her will be high.
She did beat Rice, after all.
You were all there rooting for me, remember?!
We're gonna do some godrunning
at the Tennoushou, too!
I'm down to clown with that!
I think we might've figured
out the trick to outrunning.
For real, though! It's like, you
gotta run hella good, right?
Coming around the second corner, it's
Daitaku Helios and Mejiro Palmer in the lead!
Yet again, we see the two
of them setting the pace!
It's me!
No, me!
And Mejiro Palmer and Daitaku Helios
have fallen apart!
We didn't manage to stay out in
front during the Fall Tennoushou.
We're now on the back half of the race!
Mejiro Palmer and Daitaku Helios are
outrunning the others by a big margin!
There are over ten lengths between
the two of them and third place!
The others will have to pick
up the pace to close this gap!
It's me!
It doesn't look like anyone is
going to come close, though!
No, me!
It's me!
You can take it from here!
We're BFFs!
Nice Nature
But we ran like whoa at the Arima Kinen!
Rice!
Looking forward to running with
you in the next race, Rice!
Huh?
What's with her?
Not sure...
Intent to Ultim-Outrun!!
McQueen  Setting Her Sights on a Third Consecutive Win
Machikane Tannhäuser and Mejiro Palmer in Top Shape!
Rice Shower's Management
Confident in Her Ability
to Upset Mejiro McQueen!
Will the Assassin in Black
Thwart Another Major Accomplishment?!
Rice Shower-san?
I was hoping to speak with you.
I saw the feature you were in.
You seem certain you'll be able to win.
Consider the challenge accepted.
Let's have a good race, shall we?
I'm not running in the Tennoushou.
I don't want to race anymore!
Hey, wait—
McQueen-san is so cool!
A third championship! That'd be great to see.
I'd love to see it happen!
It's gonna be great!
Right?
What?
Is this for real?
Unbelievable...
It's such a shame.
No one wants me around.
Wait, Rice isn't running?
She doesn't seem to want to run anymore.
It's probably some scheme to get you
to drop your guard before the race.
Did something happen to her?
Her entry is still listed...
That sounds like a plan you'd come up with.
So it's probably something personal.
Excuse me?! I always run fair and square!
Hey, the less competition, the better.
Do you, now?
You'll have an even easier time taking it.
You're the one who tries to dupe
people by faking like you got a cold!
What's wrong?
I do no such thing!
It's a bit disappointing. I had
heard she was looking strong.
You're the one who pulls that
"maybe I'll run, maybe not" scheme!
It's not a scheme!
Worrying about someone else
won't get you anywhere.
That just makes you a liar!
You should focus on your training.
I am not!
I suppose...
I'm going to ask her what's going on.
Teio?
You're not gonna be able to focus on
your training with this bugging you.
Leave this to your team leader!
We'll go, too!
Right?
Sounds good.
I appreciate it, everyone.
Found ya, Rice!
Nice weather today, huh?
Makes you want to get out
there and run hard, right?
I-I guess so...
But if you run too much, it makes
fixing up the track a lot of work!
Huh? She's not asking about the Tennoushou?
I actually wanted to ask
you about the Tennoushou—
Hey, wait!
Look at this! I'm great at
touching the bottom of my feet!
You gonna enter the Spring Ten?
I bet it'd be a lot of fun!
Probably as much fun as stretching like this!
I actually hold a record in flexibility!
Rice...
About the Spring Ten...
Hey!
This is kinda...
This looks like a job for me.
I'm counting on you, Spe-chan!
Rice Shower. What a lovely name! I'm a fan.
Especially the "rice" part.
It didn't work.
I'm not sure what you were
trying to accomplish!
I guess we'll have to
try the direct approach!
Wh-Who are you?
Scarlet! Vodka! Spe! Get 'er, girls!
Right, Gold Ship-san!
It's Spica!
Heave-ho, heave-ho!
Um... wh-what is this?
Sorry about this, Rice.
McQueen told us you weren't
going to run in the Tennoushou.
Would you tell us about it?
Will you let me go if I do?
Because there's no point.
What do you mean?
Because no one wants me around.
Ever since I was little, I used to look
up to things that were glamorous.
The two of them were blessed
with a rice shower to bring them good fortune!
The Magic of Happiness
There are 100 meters to go!
First place has a tiny lead!
Number 8, Rice Shower, is in
front by a small margin!
And Rice Shower crosses the
goal with her lead intact!
Rice Shower has done a fine
job of winning her debut race!
I was so glad when I won my first race...
And everyone was really happy.
It made running seem like so much fun.
I thought that even someone
like me could be glamorous.
She's striking an imposing figure!
Mihono Bourbon manages to outrun the
entire pack as she crosses the goal!
She wins the Satsukishou while undefeated!
Bourbon-san was so dazzling
when she won the Satsukishou...
So I decided I wanted
to be like her someday.
Mihono Bourbon is in the lead!
It's looking like she has this race won!
I wanted to catch up with
the person I idolized.
I wanted to win a race,
and be like Bourbon-san.
And then, at the Kikkashou,
it finally happened..
Mihono Bourbon is in the lead!
Rice Shower is closing the gap!
Mihono Bourbon still has a faint lead!
But Rice Shower moves up on the outside!
Rice Shower passes her!
Rice Shower has the lead!
And she clears the goal!
Kikkashou
Mihono Bourbon's Triple Crown
will remain incomplete!
The winning horse girl of the
Kikkashou is Rice Shower!
Wait, what?
What the heck?
Seriously?
I wanted to see a Triple Crown.
Why?
Nobody wanted me to win.
Why didn't Bourbon win?
I destroyed Bourbon-san
and her fans' dreams.
Everyone was sad.
Now everyone is looking forward to
McQueen-san winning a third Spring Tennoushou.
Even if I enter and win,
no one will be happy.
I'll just make everyone miserable.
Me, whose name is supposed to
represent something happy.
That's... really heavy.
So I won't be running anymore.
Rice?
Please, leave me alone.
Rice...
I had no idea.
I understand how she feels!
She worked so hard on her racing,
so it has to be frustrating for no
one to recognize what she accomplished!
True enough, Rice's Kikkashou win is
something that should have been celebrated.
But...
I believe using that as a reason
to turn away from racing is,
for a horse girl, mistaken.
McQueen...
Okay!
I'll try and convince Rice to run after all.
Just don't regret this, okay?
I would never.
Besides, I find it vexing to
have Rice taking me so lightly.
"No one will be happy if I win"?
She's so certain of her victory,
before even running.
Now that you mention it...
Please take care of things with Rice, Leader.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Sure!
I said that, but...
M
i
h
o
n
B
o
u
r
b
o
n
Here we go!
Beef steak!
Bourbon?
Teio-san?
Your recovery seems to be
going smoothly, Teio-san.
Yep. I can even run okay, now.
How about you?
Not for the time being.
I see...
You got hurt after the Kikkashou, right?
Yes, when I was training for the Japan Cup.
I see.
Rice Shower passes her!
Rice Shower passes Bourbon!
There's barely a single length gap
between them! Rice Shower has the lead!
And she clears the goal!
Kikkashou
K
y
o
t
Turf: Good
Good
Results
Head
Record
Time
Dirt
Mihono Bourbon's Triple Crown
will remain incomplete!
The winning horse girl of the
Kikkashou is Rice Shower!
By losing the Kikkashou,
I was unable to fulfill Master's
request that I win a Triple Crown.
I may have been anxious to
redeem myself as a result.
Expectations...
My goal is to win the Triple Crown
undefeated, just like you!
So I have to win!
Right. I'll be looking forward to it.
It was the same for me.
If I hadn't gotten injured,
and had won the Triple Crown,
I might've gotten to see the Prez smile.
I can relate.
I was hoping to see my Master's smile,
something I've never seen before.
Sorry about your Triple Crown, Bourbon.
Likewise, Teio-san.
But because I was unable
to achieve a Triple Crown,
I was able to find a new reason for racing.
Rice Shower.
Rice?
Yes. The only horse girl to ever defeat me...
The person who kept me
from reaching my dream.
She may be the first competitor
I've felt I could call my rival.
Listen... about Rice...
Yes?
Beef steak!
T-Teio-san?! What is it now?!
You don't have to be so scared!
I'm not gonna do anything.
Rice...
B-Bourbon-san?!
You apparently don't intend
to run in the Tennoushou?
You've gotta do something to convince
her to run in the Tennoushou, Bourbon.
I bet she'll listen to you!
Leave this to me. There is a method
I've learned from my Master.
Okay!
Rice...
Y-Yes?
Quit your bellyaching and run!
I don't think she understood what I meant!
Leave me alone, please!
That's strange! Master usually
encourages me just like that!
Never mind! Let's go after her!
Use this!
Rice, hold it!
She's so slippery!
Get back here!
Hold it!
That nimble little...
Slip!
Later
The battery...
And that's what happened!
That is such a mood!
What do you want to do for the midterm test?
Run!
I know, right?
Rice!
Hey, Palmer, did you see Rice Shower?
Rice?
Nope. Did you, Helios?
Sure didn't.
We're looking for her.
Please let us know if you find her.
'Kay!
Rice, huh?
What's up? Something about her?
You remember at the Kikkashou?
Oh, she beat Bourbon! That was so hype!
A hardcore race between
two strong horse girls...
I so want to do something like that!
How about with me? You wanna take me on?
You bet I do!
NGL, we're just gonna run like usual!
I know, right?!
Not wanting to run... Do you suppose
Rice-san has lost her confidence?
I'm sure that's not it!
Rice-chan's a really strong horse girl.
When she locks in on her target,
she gets so focused!
Although at the Kikkashou, I think
she was only looking at Bourbon-chan.
Right, you've raced her a few
times yourself, haven't you?
Yep! This is gonna be the seventh time.
Y'know, she's kind of a big deal to me.
I feel the same way.
She demonstrated her strength
without a doubt at the Nikkei Sho.
Tracen...
Fight!
On!
Is it... okay if I run?
What're you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm gonna try and win the Triple Crown!
Not gonna happen! Because I'm gonna win it!
Hey, don't get in my way!
Yeah, that's right!
Bourbon! You can win next time!
Winning the Triple Crown would've
been cool, but you did a great job!
I'm still rooting for you!
I love you, Bourbon!
You did a good job, Tannhäuser!
I can't do this anymore...
Rice!
We finally found her...
You don't know when to give up.
Please, just leave me alone.
You're the one who didn't give up, Rice!
You never gave up during the Kikkashou!
Don't talk to me about the Kikkashou!
I just wanted people to accept me.
I thought that if I could beat you,
Bourbon-san, that they would.
That's why I tried so hard.
But nobody wanted me to win.
And when I did,
they just got mad, and didn't accept it!
I'm not like you two.
I'm a heel.
People hate me, boo me,
and then I make them unhappy.
Even though my name's meant to be a blessing...
Even though I'm called Rice Shower.
That's why I won't run anymore.
Rice...
Quit your bellyaching and run!
How can you say that?!
Because I want you to run.
I don't understand! How can you say
that after everything I told you?!
No one's happy if I run! Even when
I win, it's just a disappointment!
There's no point in me running!
So, why—
Because you are my hero.
I'm injured.
Seriously injured.
There have been times when I've
been overwhelmed with anxiety
about whether I'd get to run again.
I was unable to meet my
Master's expectations.
I even considered giving up on racing.
Bourbon... I pushed you too hard.
I'm sorry.
But I never gave up because of you, Rice.
Winning Horse Girl
Horse Girl of the Kikkashou
Up Close With Rice Shower
Up Close With the Winner of the Kikkashou, Rice Shower!
She Had Her Sights Set on Mihono Bourbon
"They Call Her the Assassin in Black!"
Rice Shower's
Racing Future
Next time, I want to win.
I don't want to lose again.
I want to race a strong opponent, like you.
I've been able to work hard at
my recovery because of that goal.
It's true that you took my dream.
But the hope and new dream you've
given me are worth more than that.
Bourbon-san...
You're not a heel. You're a hero.
I'm... a hero?
Bourbon...
And yet you came in eighth
place at the Arima Kinen?!
Placed 11th at Arima
You're my hero! You're a strong horse girl!
You have to run in the
Tennoushou to prove that!
Stop being so selfish.
I'm sorry.
You can say all that, but it's
just more trouble for me.
But...
I understand how you feel, Bourbon-san.
I'm going to try again.
I'm still scared, but...
Right.
I want to run with you too,
Bourbon-san. So...
I'm going to enter the Tennoushou!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today